This is mod concept is based on First Round Shop, but as its name says, it allows you
to select the items that will appear in the first round shop.

The shop is divided by areas:

- Jokers
- Vouchers
- Booster Packs

The Joker areas can have any card, except Vouchers and Booster Packs.
The Vouchers area can have only Vouchers.
The Booster Packs area can have only Booster Packs.

Because this mod is like cheating, we must add a bit of balance,
first, for each item selected, the user will have to 1$, increasing by 1$ per selected item.
The math formula would be `price = n * 1`, where n is the number of selected shop items.


We must make the UI intuitive and add controller support.

Card selection UI, the card selection UI can be divided into 3 areas, same as the shop,
we must also show the current amount to be charged.

In the card selection UI, we must include CardAreas for each area, so that users can see
which card has been selected.

For card selection the following can be implemented:

- For each empty slot on the card Area, a placeholder will be shown, when clicking/actaviting
the slot, a new UI will appear, this UI will contain the available cards, the user can
click/activate a card, after a card is selected the overlay will be closed, and the selected card
will appear in the specific CardArea. For The Jokers area, we must implement other UI which allows
filter cards by categories, e.g. Jokers, Tarots, Planets, Spectral, Playing Cards, etc...

- We can also enable Joker modifiers, but we must charge extra per item.

- This mod is to be used with Lock the Deal, because there isn't way that we can purchase all
items at once.


To select card for each area, we can include buttons and the placeholder, so that
we can either click the button or placeholder to open the card collection for that area.


The costs will be charged to the user, in the evaluate section, so that is intuitive and
the users knows what are these charges for.


-- DESIGN

What can our mod do?:

It allows to customize the first round shop, allowing the user to specify which cards
will appear in the first shop.

How?

The mod will present the user a selection interface where the user can select the
cards for different areas, this interface will close to the shop's interface.


The mod will present placeholders for each area, when the user clicks the placeholder
the card selector will be open and the user can select any cards from there.
